Well, I'll just jump right in the river
by myself here. I don't know what to do.
Obviously, we hit a nerve again.
Is there anybody coming?
Thank you, Lord, that our internet
works.
It's back.
I don't
know if it's this thing over here, so
I'm going to plug
in.
Well, I know, honey, but I don't
know if it ever goes out.
I
have mama sit here
and help and let us know if it goes back
in and out.
Because
if it goes out again, I won't know
because
I have no way of telling.
My knees get stiff when I sit here for
so long.
Well, let's just pray. And if you're
here, I'm praying. Just act like
nobody's here anyway.
I'm
just going to pray like I would
at home. Okay. So you just come
and pray with me, okay?
If you're here, you're here; if you're
not, you're not.
I'm going to pray for our president,
and I'll pretend like
you're here and I'll pretend like you're
not, I guess. I don't know. Either way,
I'm just going to pray. So, if you all
can do your thing, I'm going
to enter in, and now you can just pray.
You pray with me, baby, and we'll do
a prayer and we'll just pray for our
president and pray for our economy and
things like that. Father, we just
thank you, Lord.
I'm seeing houses.
I'm seeing homes.
I hear the Lord say, 'Brandon, I'm going
to pay off people's houses quickly.
I'm going to pay off people's houses
quickly. Pull it out of the spirit realm
into the natural and for supernatural
thinking.'Many,
many
a supernaturally funded...
All right.
There's many of you that have had—I see
visions. You've had dreams. You've had
prophetic words that you have let go
of.
There are many of you that have let go
of prophetic
promises—these
prophetic words that have been inside of
your spirit, stirring inside of you.
And
you
thought, 'When is this coming to pass?
When is the manifestation coming to pass
at last?'And the Lord said, 'It's time
for you to stretch forth and believe
what would seem impossible.
I will bring it and make it possible
by my hand, by my goodness, by the
angels, and I will send them on
assignment to bring forth the greater
wealth, to bring forth the greater wells
of glory, to bring forth the buildings
that need to be built. There'll be
buildings that you did not build.
There'll be wells that you did not dig.
There'll be fountains of the rivers, and
the rivers will flow.
There'll be
fields that you did not
plant.
And there's a harvest
that you will reap.
I'm seeing a supernatural increase
on many of you in the days ahead.
For the rivers will flow,
and there'll be great rivers of blessing
and increase and multiplication.
I'm seeing this. I see rivers that are
full of
blessing—rivers
that are full. I didn't say a
stream. I didn't say a trickle. He said,
'I'm saying it's a
river.'And
in this river, I will a bountiful,
multiplied seed, exceedingly abundantly
above all that you dare ask or think
seed. I see some of these houses are on
golf courses.
Some of these houses are in gated
communities—rich
foundations,
good homes for godly homes.
And I see abundance coming on folks. You've
got to
take off the
chokehold
for what you have. Take off the
chokehold.
That's what He's talking about.
You're
chokehold
in what you've been believing
for. Take off that chokehold. Come up
higher.
Come up higher in your
believing—poverty
mentality. It's a
poverty-lack
mentality. Break out of it.
I have
great things in store, and it's out the
front door.
I see these beautiful houses that you
did not build. I see a transfer
of the wealth of the
wicked laid up for the righteous.
I can tell you where it's coming from.
I can see
the fountain that does not run dry.
I see some of you even got brand new
cars coming.
You say, 'Well, Brandon, you've just seen a
lot of good
stuff.'Yep.
Because He said you've been sowing and
you have
sacrificially been giving,
and the
greater manifestation of what I have for you is
coming. Don't give up. Don't lose heart.
Come stronger into my throne room.
Write it down. Make
it clear. Write
the petition down. Make a petition of
what you're believing for. Take
communion over it. Back it with
scripture. A greater
manifestation of the glory
is coming on you. And it's time for the
overflow harvest that you have sown
toward and a greater
manifestation of glory and
the
greater manifestation of His presence on
your house, on your
finances—Called
days of heaven on earth.
Lay hold to it.
Do you hear me?
I'm talking about great communities.
I'm talking about golfing communities.
I'm talking about blessing of increase.
The people around you say, 'How did
that happen?'You say, 'Only by the hand
of the
Lord.'I
see it.
Oh,
the
spoils
the Lord called. These are the spoils. Do
you see the spoils,
honey? I don't know if I'm
live or not, but I see this love
and I see the spoils.
The Lord said, 'As the children of
Israel left and got the spoils of Egypt,
I'm bringing forth the spoils for my
children and the wealth of the sinners.
If you're listening to me, I will bring
you the fountains of
wealth—fountains
of wealth, of great
riches, in the deep hidden
things—and
the greater glory, the
greater manifestation of my presence
will be on you, and you'll lack no good
thing.'He
said,
'Who is on the Lord's side?
Who is on
my
side?'Stop
playing patty-cake Christianity.
Come up higher in your believing, for
with me,
come up higher in your expectation
for what you are about to see.
Come up higher.
I will provide your heart's desire
if you come up higher and have
fellowship with me.
Don't seek the things, but seek
me. I am your El Shaddai.
I will provide. I will take care of you.
I will restore what the cankerworm ate
from you
if you will just come up higher in your
fellowship with me.
I am your abundant supply.
I am the exceedingly
abundantly above all that you dare ask
or think God.
And it
will come with
a
greater flow and a
greater restoration to the
ones that are sold out—the ones that
are sold out to me, the ones that are
looking toward me.
And you say, 'Well, I live in a place of poverty-torn,
poverty-worn.'It's
like
war-torn.
I see
places with little metal huts.
I see people with dirt floors.
He said, 'I'm even talking to them.
I'll restore everything that was taken
from them.
A restoring of what the cankerworm has
eaten.
I'll restore it back
if you just believe me for
it.'I
see doctor bills being paid in full.
I see medical bills being paid in full.
I see student loans being paid in full.
He said, 'Reach out and believe me for
it.'You
have great doctor bills
and the Lord's going to restore back
everything the devil has taken and
stolen from you.
And He's going to give you back your
health. Receive healing in
your body.
We call the seeds that you
have sowed—we call those seeds that
have miracle ground in the name of
Jesus. We call forth the stagnant seeds
that have been planted for
decades past. We call it to
come to harvest at last. We speak to the
seeds. We speak to the growth.
We call you debt-free in the
name of Jesus. We call doctor bills
paid. We call your house
paid. We call their student loans
paid. We call those things that be not
as though they were. We're calling
for
a turnaround in your
finances. We call for jobs and better
jobs, raises and bonuses. We call it out
of the realm of the spirit into the
natural in the name of Jesus. And we
thank You, Lord, that everything
You have in
store—every
good and perfect gift—comes from the
Father. We thank You, Lord, that You're
the God of the abundant supply. We call
it in right now. We're calling in those
seeds. We call in our businesses to
double,
triple, and
quadruple in the name of
Jesus. We thank You, Lord, that we will
be the head and not the tail; we will be
above and not beneath.
And
we'll take the spoils
and
the plunder, for the wealth of the sinner
is laid up for the righteous. We
take the plunder
and
the spoils,
for
seedtime
and harvest is
accelerating.
When the sowers and
the reapers are going hand in hand,
the time of the harvest is at hand.
Eyes to see
that which is in front of
thee.
You
say,
'What do I
have?'I
hear, 'What do I
have?'Let
us
break the back
of poverty with a financial seed. You, spirit of poverty, we
break you in the name of Jesus. We break
you off the body of Christ. We call
for
the harvest in the name of Jesus:
30, 60, and 100-fold. Satan, get
your hands off of our stuff in the name
of Jesus. We call for 30, 60, and
100-fold
in the name of Jesus.
We're calling it in: jobs
and better jobs. Father, we thank You,
Lord, that we are called to be the
abundant supply in this earth, that the
earth will see that the goodness of God
brings man to repentance.
We're saying the goodness of God is
on us. Father, we thank You
that
the
willing and obedient will eat the
good of the land. The good of the
land is ours, Father. I thank You for
the willing and obedient, and we're
calling the willing and obedient to rise
up. We're willing, Father; we'll do
what You ask us to do, and we're
obedient to what You've asked us to do.
And we sow and we reap. It's part of
seedtime
and harvest, Father. Just as
much as it is to sow into the Kingdom of
God, it is to reap. It's
time to reap. And you don't just reap
back what you sowed; you reap
multiplication,
health, mental clarity, and favor in
your marriage, your children, and
your
jobs. Favor wherever you go.
Maybe a good deal on a meal.
I just know that God is more
than the box we put Him
in.
We say, 'Well, You have to operate
in this little box,'but increase
comes in all ways. It could be a
sale at the grocery store where
you
get
two-for-one—that's
increase and favor, being in the
right place at the right time. Someone
says,
'Hey, I want to buy your coffee
today,'that's
increase.
Don't despise small beginnings. If
someone
gives you a dollar, be excited
about the dollar. If someone says, 'Hey,
I found a quarter here; I'll give this to
you,'be
excited about increase.
Regardless of what it is or how much it
is, every good and perfect thing comes
from God. I believe that even in a cup of
coffee. God, I thank You for a
cup of coffee; You're the God
of the free cup of coffee.
Be thankful
and
grateful for everything God does for
you. Even if you say, 'Well, that's not
very
much,'it's
a start.
I'm so thankful for the start,
Father, and for the drop.
A
rainstorm starts with one
drop of rain.
I hear the sound of an abundance of
rain and blessing on my household today.
It starts with one drop.
You may not have your overflow yet, but
it doesn't start with a whole bunch of
drops; the
first drop has
to
hit somewhere.
I believe the time of the harvest is at
hand. This
seedtime
and harvest is
accelerating, and it's time to call back
the seeds that have lain dormant. We
call those seeds to be cultivated and
watered to come forth in the name of
Jesus. Some plant, some water, but
God brings forth the increase.
I believe that God is bringing forth my
increase today
in ways that I can't comprehend.
It doesn't have to be in my natural
thinking.
It's above all that I
dare ask or think. If I can think it,
it's not big enough. Think bigger.
That's what I'm hearing Him say: 'Stir
up yourself to believe Me for bigger:
exceedingly, abundantly above all that
you dare ask or think.'I can think some
big things,
but He's going to do more. 'My thoughts
are higher than your thoughts; My ways
are higher than your
ways.'That's
what He says.
I believe I receive the
bountiful supply over my household,
even at the risk of being persecuted for
it.
Father, I thank You. Even
persecution comes for the Word's
sake.
Persecution comes when people get jealous
of what you have.
Just let them get jealous;
I'm not going to shy back from every
good and perfect thing You have for us. You
have
to
lay hold to it by faith.
I lay hold to it in the name of Jesus
for exceedingly, abundantly above all
that we dare ask or think. If you
don't want to believe for it,
fine—that's
on you.
I don't care what you believe;
I believe it.
And if you don't want to receive yours,
I can receive it for you.
That may tick somebody off, but if
you don't want yours, I'll take it.
Why not believe for bigger?
Why do we limit God with our stinking
thinking? Always thinking, 'Well, the
world can have it, but we
can't.'Mr.
Starbucks has it; Mark Zuckerberg
sure has it, and he can flip off my
channel anytime he wants. Why aren't we
the ones over social media?
Why is it that we have to go on their
channel and have them tell us what to do?
It takes millions of dollars to create
Facebook, right?
Well, if he just turns my channel off
and
says,
'Oh, we don't want you on here
anymore,'why
don't we have a platform like
Facebook
and own it? We could say, 'Listen, we're only
going to let godly content on here.
We're not going to let any Jezebels on
here.'Why
is it that the body of Christ has
always been a servant to the world
when
God created all things
richly for us to enjoy?
Yet the body of Christ chokes on
it and says, 'Oh, you can't; it's too
much.'And
they're all building
bunkers, having houses in Hawaii,
chilling out on the beach, and enjoying
their drinks and
sinning,
while
we're trying to get the Gospel out.
Why is it that we have a chokehold on a
million dollars? Why do we
have a chokehold
on ten million
or
on a billionaire?
'Oh, we can't touch that; that's too
much.'But
we see these people that are sex
trafficking these kids, who are living
in penthouses and all of it. You
look at it and go, 'They
are evil,'and
all we want to do is get the Gospel
out, but the body of Christ chokes on it.
And He says, 'Believe Me for
more.'The
devil's crowd has it and
they convince you that you can't.
I have never taken a vow of poverty and
never will.
I've seen what it takes.
And yet people like Jesse Duplantis and
Kenneth Copeland and all these others,
they have the blessing and
everything, and people persecute them
and say, 'Well, they shouldn't have
it.'"They
took the old widow's
money."And
you don't know how they
got their money.
How were you in their finances,
auditing them and taking their stuff?
No, you weren't. Or they'd be in jail
if they did something wrong.
But yet people are always throwing
stones at people who have more.
People are stupid.
And you look at it and go,
"Whatever, man."If the Lord
would
bless them, He'd bless us.
Why are we always limiting God?
I'm not going to limit God with
my thinking. If He wants to bring it to
me and get it through me so I
can help somebody else out, then
whatever.
I just don't understand why people get
so upset about stuff when you see
people in the world
who
are driving around in Ferraris and
trafficking little kids
and you go, "Well,
look at
that."From
Epstein
trafficking children to islands
and people
don't say much;
he got killed in prison, but I'm just
saying there's a lot of people that are attached
to the
Epstein list who are still not in
jail.
I
try
to understand the body of
Christ's
thinking,
but the moment you see a brother get
blessed, you instantaneously throw rocks
at
him.
And I go, "What? Why?"Because I know. I
believe in the power of
the seed.
If you have a need, sow a seed.
That's my harvest.
Believe. If you have a
need, sow a seed. That's what I hear the
Lord say. If you have a need, sow a
seed.
What do you have a need for?
Exceedingly, abundantly, above all that
you dare ask or think.
God is a good God, and the devil's a bad
devil. And the devil crowd has the
money. That's what I'm hearing tonight.
Stir yourself up in the way you believe.
Stir yourself up in the capacity to
believe for more.
We're at the end of
this.
The end is right
at our door.
And people don't want to hear it. Their
heads are in the sand.
And I'm thinking, why not create a
new Facebook and call it something else?
Why does it have to be that they can
kick me off and say, "We're not going to
allow you to put the Gospel on there
anymore"?
Why?
Why don't we have something to say,
"Well, fine. We have Godface"?
I mean, I don't know.
I get so tired of the world bullying
Christians
and
saying you can't say
anything
anymore.
And that's why I rise up inside; I say
enough is enough.
And we don't care how many followers you
have; we just don't like the Gospel
that you preach.
Okay,
and we just have to
let it happen? No,
no, no. Why don't we have platforms?
Why don't we have the ability to reach out
and do that?
It takes money.
That's why
we have things that are just
halfway done.
And you go, "Well, that
platform doesn't attract the
world."They
don't come over there and want to
hear it.
Thank God for Elon Musk. I'm believing
God for his salvation. Let's pray for
him right now.
Let's believe God with the people that
are here. I don't know how many of you
are here right now, but let's believe
God for Elon
Musk's salvation.
He'll use X and
it'll
remain strong so that
they don't kick us off and won't be able to
censor us; that he'll keep on being that
place where we are able to say stuff on X
without
them censoring Christianity and
saying,
"Listen, we don't want what
you're
saying over
here."Wouldn't
that be wonderful?
Let's
believe God for Elon
Musk.
Father, I thank You, Lord,
right now
in the name of Jesus that Elon Musk,
wherever he's at—he may be in
his bed, he may be in his hotel, he
might be out partying right now—but we
know that You know where he's at. And we
call him born again in the name of
Jesus. We call him right out of the pit
of hell. We say, "Elon Musk, your whole
family is getting born again."Even if
you like it or not, every single one of
you is going to get radically saved. I
call you radically born again, Elon
Musk. I call you filled with the Holy
Ghost. And I say in the name of Jesus,
you're coming in sooner than later. So
stop running.
Come to Jesus. Run, Elon Musk,
to Jesus.
It's time for you to have a visitation
from our great Father.
So, Father, I thank You; if You would
visit a Muslim in the middle of the
desert and
You would appear to them in a dream or a
vision and they would give
their heart to You, I ask You to touch
Elon Musk right now.
Right now,
we are all in agreement that You
radically save Elon Musk and let him
come on there and say, "I was once lost,
but now I'm found. I gave my heart to
Jesus Christ. And I'm not just some
patty-cake
Christian. But I'm here to tell you,
I've seen things. I know things. And I'm
telling you that Jesus Christ is
coming."Wouldn't
that be wonderful if he was like
a John the Baptist?
I was once lost, but now I'm found. And
he starts preaching the Gospel.
Why not?
If God can save you, He can save me. He
can save Elon Musk.
I'm calling him born again.
I'm calling him saved. I'm calling him
radical for Jesus. You may laugh at it.
You say, "That's the craziest
thing."No.
I've seen God do—I've seen darker
people, more evil, satanic
people give their heart to Jesus Christ when
it
seemed that there was no hope at
all. And Elon Musk—God is no respecter
of persons
and He can save him
right now where he's at.
Snatch him right out of the pit of hell.
Father,
I believe that today is the day that we
can mark it on our calendar that we will
know that today is a day of turnaround
in Elon Musk's life,
and that he'll use Starlink, he'll use
his platforms, and many sons and
daughters will come home through the
saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ
using his technological advancements.
I say in the name of Jesus, I call him
saved. I call radical people around him.
I call him born again. I call the
darkness off of his eyes. I say in the
name of Jesus, his eyes are flooded with
light. I say he is born again. Flood him
with light, Lord. Flood
his eyes, the fog over his mind.
Satan, let him go.
And there will be a change in the
bloodline.
Many,
many,
we call you born again. We call him
radically saved. We call him stirred up.
That every single person that he comes in
contact with will see that there's a
difference in him. That Jesus Christ is
Lord of lords and King of kings of Elon
Musk's life.
Forgive me, Father, for always judging
people; forgive
me
for my
mealy-mouthed
thinking and my negative
thinking. Forgive me, Lord.
All things are possible to him who
believes.
I call Kim Kardashian, Khloe
Kardashian, and all the
sisters—Kendall,
Kylie, all of them—we call
them radically saved.
We call them born again. We call them
filled with the Holy Ghost. We say
they're coming out of the darkness and
into the light. We call a stirring in
them even tonight as they sleep. We pray
for them, Father, in the name of Jesus;
for the work that You've done
already in Khloe, You will finish it.
You stir in her in the name of Jesus.
We call protection around that
family.
They will use their social media
platforms all to the glory of God. We
pray for that family in the name of
Jesus to have a radical visitation,
that they would have their Road
to
Damascus experience.
We call Justin
Bieber, Hailey,
his wife, and even Billie,
Father—I
call them, even with the
satanic stuff they practice,
we call them born again. We
call Billie Eilish saved in
Jesus'name.
We call Hollywood invaded with the glory
of God. And they would use their
influence for the glory of God.
Even when I'm seeing the spiders
and all these things around them, I
thank you, Lord. We're not moved by what
we see. We're not moved by what we feel.
Father, you can take the darkest of the
dark and turn it into light.
Do you all believe
it—that
it's time for the church to rise up
and be the salt because
salt
makes you thirsty?
It's time
for the church to rise up
and have a backbone like a crowbar and
bring the lost in.
And it's going to take finances to do
it. Stop this weak,
stinking thinking. Change your mindset
concerning this. It's not about you
becoming lustful
over
stuff. It's about
getting the gospel out so that we can
get out of here.
I want to go home with Jesus in the
rapture of the church.
Let's finish strong, church.
It's time to stop thinking
small. 'Well, it's my four and no
more.'No,
he wants to save that which
was lost. He said, 'I'm waiting on you.
Bring in my harvest and I'll come and
get
you.'But
most people are just thinking,
'Well, if we can just say Kumbaya, my
Lord, Kumbaya.'And they have these
little services and they have the little
candlelight
out in the parking lot and
they're just, 'Oh, we got a Holy Ghost
bump.'And
they go home and
you go,
'What was that all about?
Did anybody get saved? Did anybody get
prayer up in here?'No. But we felt a
little bit of something and we had our
candle and we had our little communion
and we had our little service
afterwards and we got five people up in
here.
We all went
home,
but yet there's billions of people dying
and going to hell.
It's time to stop playing church.
We must become radical and tell the
people that Jesus Christ loves them.
He doesn't want that any man should
perish but all come in repentance.
What makes us stand out the most?
The wealth and the money is all that the
world's after.
If you got a brand new Rolls-Royce, you
got their attention.
If you got a brand new Ferrari and you
pull up in a parking lot, everybody's
looking.
They're only after the money.
That's all they care about. The
world—that's
all they care about. But if you
can show them Jesus,
they don't know what they're missing.
All these Hollywood people are
committing self-harm and trying to
eliminate themselves by the droves.
Like
the guy
that you know
self-harmed
himself,
Robin Williams.
And there's so many people that have
done that, who were comedians
and happy and you thought they were
happy, but they were so empty.
How do you self-harm to the
point where you're not here anymore and
we miss you?
They're trying to feel something.
It's sad.
And I can tell you, I was that person
that was so broken and I said, 'I can't do
this anymore.'And I was ready to drive
off a bridge. And it took a missionary
coming from Romania
named Ronald who prayed for
me and cast the devil out of me. And I
was free.
And I remember like it was yesterday,
feeling so down and so depressed that I
didn't want to live anymore.
And I thought, there has to be somebody
on this other side of the camera that
feels that same thing.
You
just feel, 'I just don't want to live
anymore.'And
I thought, man, who cares if they
got money? They're just lost.
Who cares if they're poor?
They're just lost.
They just need a fresh touch from Jesus.
And I've made
a
determination
because I remember how bad it hurt
to be that down and that depressed to
think I can't live anymore.
And Jesus set me free.
And I figured if he did it for
me, he'd do it for you.
And there's so many people that are
trying to fill a hole that they're never
going to fill. But if I can just tell
you how to get there,
Jesus will turn your mess into a message
like he did for me.
I just see them all.
Elon Musk and all these people, they're
just lost.
He may be the richest man in the world,
but he's just lost.
And I don't see him buying stupid cars
and things like that
trying to fill a void. He's set out
on a mission.
He wants a legacy—build Starlink and
all these things. He thinks
differently.
But what if you could switch somebody's
thinking like that
and they get born again and they start
telling people about how good God is?
People like Alex Jones
that get radical for Jesus.
99.9%
of you will never know the
pressures that people like Alex Jones
face—of
popular opinion and public opinion
and the pressure of things.
I've seen a glimpse of it
and I don't face what they face. They
have millions and millions of people
following
them. I have like 3.9 million a
month.
They have hundreds of millions. But
the pressure of it is absolutely
incredible.
And all I know is they just need a fresh
touch from Jesus.
They just need a fresh drink.
And that's why I come here and I pray so
late at night because I know
there's somebody out there that is just
believing for a breakthrough and they're
saying, 'Does somebody at least care
tonight?
Does somebody just care for me?
Can somebody just tell me that
everything is going to be different
soon?
I don't know how much longer I can keep
holding on to this rope.
Can somebody tell me there's light at
the end of the tunnel in my
life?'Because
I was that person. I'd stay up
scrolling through YouTube looking for
hope, looking
for
a
preacher, looking for something to tell
me that everything's going to be all
right.
And I didn't find it. It
took me getting up one morning to
go
to church
where
a missionary
called
me out in the middle of the service
and said, 'You right there, you. God has
a plan for your life and you're
running.'And
he prayed for me.
And
I always go back to those God moments
because
nobody truly knew how close I was to
doing myself in.
I was just grabbing a hold of something
because I was hurting so bad.
So,
when you have these moments, even like
I'm feeling now, I feel the urge
because I feel somebody's on the other
side of this camera right now and I'm
talking to you.
I cry because I feel your pain.
And I try to keep it together because
I feel it,
and it's part of the intercessor in me
that
you're just wanting somebody to pray
for you. And I just want to let you know
we love you. We pray for you
and we're so glad you're here tonight.
If I could be there with you right
now on the other side of the camera,
I would tell you I know God has a plan for
your life.
I know he loves you. I know he has
more for you.
And it's not for you to live the way
you're living.
Self-harm is never the answer.
But I'm going to tell you, I understand
the desperation.
Jesus loves
you
and he paid the price. And if you just
let him in,
he'll change you from the inside out.
But you've got to get real with yourself
and you've got to get in a Bible. You
say, 'I don't understand the
Bible.'Find
just scriptures
that are simple, like in Psalms, and
start meditating on Psalms and Proverbs.
The entrance of his word brings
forth light.
And the more you read that Bible, it
will change you from the inside out.
But you got to get real
and you got to stop running.
And you got to stop feeling sorry for
yourself. Because it was me feeling sorry for
myself—oh,
pity me. And really, bottom line
is nobody really feels sorry
for you.
You have to have grit and
say, 'Hey, I'm doing this for the Lord.
He
cares.'There
may not be anybody else around
you, but he cares. That's all that
matters.
And that's why I pray for Elon Musk.
The Lord cares for you.
The Lord loves you. The Lord loves
President Trump. The Lord
loves even all those Muslims that are
passing away in Iran. He don't want any
of them to go to hell.
He doesn't want
the Ayatollah going to hell.
As crazy as that may sound, he
doesn't
want anybody to go to hell.
He wants you to repent.
He didn't want Hitler to go to hell;
he wanted him to repent and turn from
his wicked ways.
As nutsy as this may sound,
Jesus died for Hitler to go to heaven.
Jesus died and suffered so that Hitler
didn't have to go to hell. But Hitler
chose hell and Hitler chose to do what
he did.
But Jesus died for him,
and he loved him, and he said, 'Man, I
don't want you to go to hell, Hitler.
I don't want you to do all the things
you're doing.'But he chose it.
God is no respecter of
persons; he loves us all.
From Marilyn Manson
to Charles Manson to all of them, he
loves them all.
But it's our choice
to accept Jesus Christ.
So if you're here tonight and I'm
talking to you and you feel that
stirring inside of you right now,
and you're saying,
'Brandon, you're talking to me.
Will you please pray for
me?'I
want to say a simple prayer for
you. We don't have to make this all
religious. I'm the
least religious person you'll ever
meet—you
can ask my wife. We're not
religious people. We love to have fun,
we just hang out, we just enjoy life.
But it's about relationship with
us.
We just want a God we can talk to. We
want to say, 'Jesus, are you really
there?'And
you know what? If you get quiet
enough, he'll answer back and say, 'I've
always been here.
I've never left you. I've always been
here, Braden. I've always been here,
Diana. I love
you.'And
he's saying the same thing to you
right now:
'I have a plan for your life and I love
you.'But
you have to recognize that and you
have to say, 'Hey, I want you. I need
you.
I surrender my all to you. Turn my mess
and make it into a message.
Turn my sorrow into happiness.
Get rid of this demonic spirit of
depression off of me. And I want joy
unspeakable and full of
glory.'So,
we're going to take care of
that, too.
Father, right now in the name of Jesus,
we take authority over the spirit of
depression.
We take authority over the spirit of
suicide. We command you to bow your
knee. Release them and let them go.
Come out of their body in
Jesus'name.
Come out of their mind. Release their
mind right now in the name of Jesus. We
take authority over the spirit of
suicide and over depression and anxiety
and worry and torment. We say in the
name of Jesus, let them go right now in
Jesus'name.
I see an octopus spirit.
I command you to release their mind in
the name of Jesus.
Let them go.
Cease and desist in your maneuvering
against them. You spirit of depression,
you spirit of suicide, we bind you and
cast you out in the name of Jesus.
Let them go
now. Holy Spirit, I ask you to flood
them.
Flood them
with hope. Flood them with your peace.
Flood them with joy. Flood them with
your goodness and your mercy. And
we thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Lord, that the peace that
passes all understanding is flooding
them and flooding their minds, flooding
their hearts right now in
Jesus'name.
We thank you, Lord, that their minds are
renewed and they put the word of God in
them and they fill themselves up with
the word of God and they have hope
tonight.
They put away stinking thinking. As a
man thinketh in his heart, as a woman
thinketh in his heart, so is he.
And we take authority over those demonic
spirits that have been sent on you from
witchcraft, from incantations, chants,
whatever you've opened your door to. Ouija
boards—stop
doing it.
We shut the door to satanic practice
with tarot cards and crystals and
all kinds of sorcery,
witchcraft, spirits—all of it. We
denounce you and we say you're out of
our life. We say in the name of
Jesus, you are bound and broken off of us
in the name of Jesus. We're completely
free. Say it—you have to say it out
of
your mouth: 'I denounce you, Satan. I
denounce the witchcraft that I've been
doing. And I say, I'm
free.'You
may feel some kind of scratching or
whatever going on in you right now, but
just say, 'I'm free.'And just say,
'For whom the Son has set free is
free indeed.'I am free. I am free. I am
free. I am free. I call those
things that be not as though they were.
Call those things that be not as though
I am free from perversions, I am free
from alcohol, I am free from drugs, I am
free from pornography, I am free from
lust, I am free from whatever it
may be. You just got to say, 'I'm free
from gluttony, I'm free from these
things.'I
am free, for whom the Son has
set free is free indeed.
I am
free by the blood of the Lamb and by the
word of my testimony. I am free tonight
in Jesus'name. I am free in the name of
Jesus.
I shut the door to this and
I shut the door to it now. And you may
not have communion like this. Go and get
a potato chip or some juice or
whatever you've got and take communion.
You say, 'What is
that?'Rewind
the last video and you can take
communion with this again. Take this. Be
real with it. Find if you have some
olive oil in your house. I pray
over it right now that all the olive oil
is blessed. Anoint yourself with oil and
say, 'I am acting in faith
and I apply the blood of Jesus over my
forehead and around my house, and I
anoint my house with oil in
Jesus'name.
Satan, get out of my house.
You're not going to be in my house no
more.'You've
got to get bold about your faith. If
you give the devil an inch, he'll take a
mile.
You've
got to tell him, 'Get out of here in
Jesus'name.
I'm not going to have you
in my house.
As for me and my house, we will serve
the Lord.'And I shut the door to you. I
will not be depressed anymore.
I will not have the spirit of self-harm
in here no more. I have yielded myself
over to Jesus. And whoever I'm talking
to—you
know who I'm talking
to—Jesus
loves you.
So we're going to pray for you. And I
want you to say this prayer after me. If
you want to become born again, if you
want to give your heart to Jesus Christ
tonight and you want to sell out to him
and you say, 'Jesus, I want you to have
all of me.
I'm tired of holding back. I'm tired of
living this hell of a life. I want to
give everything I have over to you. And I
want to surrender my all to you
tonight.'And
if you are ready to be all in,
if you're ready to give Jesus everything
tonight,
I want to say a prayer for you. But I
want you to tell us in the
comment
section down below, 'Tonight's my night.
I want to be all in. Tonight's my night.
I'm giving all to Jesus.'There might
just be a couple of you, but if
it's
just a couple of you, it doesn't matter.
You're worth it.
Do you understand? You're worth it.
Jesus died for you.
If you were the only person in this
world,
he would have died for you.
He loves you.
Say this prayer after me.
Just say it. Say, 'Jesus, I believe you
are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day.
Jesus, as of tonight, I turn my back on
the
devil.
I turn my back on that depression.
I turn my back on self-harm thinking.
And as of tonight, I'm sold out to you.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
Forgive me for what I have been doing
wrong.
Forgive me for the open doors of sin.
Forgive me.
And from this day forward, I
belong to you,
Jesus. I'm sold out to you.
I give everything to you.
I give my heart. I give my soul. I give
my body. I give my spirit. Everything
belongs to you.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, right now
that you are writing my name in the
Lamb's Book of Life.
I thank you, Lord, that I'm
wall-to-wall
Holy Spirit right now. That you
fill me with the evidence of speaking in
other tongues. That you give me the
overflow fountain of the living water
out of my spirit.
And I thank you, Lord, right now that I
am
dedicating my heart to you. I
dedicate my life to you. And if you want
me to preach the gospel, if you want me
to do... here am I, send me.
From this day forward, Lord, I'm sold
out to you. And if I was to die tonight,
Lord, I'll be with you in paradise
forever.
I believe if you just said that simple
prayer as fast as I said it, you can
rewind it if you need to. I'm sorry.
When I get to praying like that, it's
from my heart.
I believe you're born again.
Now,
what do you do? I would find a
Bible-believing church. You have to get
plugged into a good church.
Get plugged in. I'd say a
non-denominational church. You can find
a website
for churches that a guy told us about
where
you can put in the address
of the city where you're at and it
pulls
up all the local churches around
you. I'm trying to get that information to be
able to put it up there for you. But
just Google non-denominational
churches in your area. You'll find them
and get plugged in there. Read your
Bible every day. Pray. Get stirred
up and come over here and pray with us.
Be a part of our YouTube; like,
subscribe, click the notification bell,
be a part of our YouTube channel. If
you don't have a Bible and you would
like to have one, we will give you a
Bible absolutely for free. All you
have to do is email us at the address in the
description down below.
All you have to do is just do that and
say in the headline, 'I want my free
Bible. I gave my heart to
Jesus.'Then
put your name, your address, and how
to get a hold of you, and we will send it
to you within a week or so. Just give us
some time because we have quite a few,
as
a lot of people
are
getting born again. But we are going
to get it to you and we just want to let
you know we love you and we're happy
you're here tonight. I don't know
exactly how many are here because I
don't think Braden's here right
now,
but I gave the altar call anyway. But
how many people got born again tonight?
Welcome to the family. Welcome to the
family. Did you do a survey?
You have to do the math on it.
Forty-two
gave their heart to Jesus Christ
tonight. Thank you for
coming.
Thank you for forty-two people giving their
heart to Jesus Christ. How exciting is
that? Forty-two. And our live stream got messed
up.
How exciting is that? All forty-two of you. And if
you believe that was you that I was
praying about and you want
your Bible, tell us who you are so
we can keep praying for you. I know that
you just need some encouragement. And if
that was you, I know beyond a shadow of
a
doubt I felt you and the Lord had
me praying for you specifically.
If you're dealing with
self-harm, if you're dealing with this
stuff and you're feeling down, know that
we love you. Know that God has a plan
for you. And when you ask for your Bible
or whatever, just tell us 'That was
me'and
I just want to reach out to say,
'Hey, listen, we love
you.'You
know, we don't want to bother you. We're
not
here to embarrass you.
God isn't here to embarrass you. He just
wants to love on you. He has a plan for
y'all.
He loves
you. If you realize how much you
truly mean to the
Father—you
mean so much to Him
and God has such a huge plan for
you—don't
give up on that stuff. And I'm so
thankful that you came tonight
and you gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
It's wonderful. Isn't it wonderful,
Braden?
He's here.
Braden's here now.
He was trying to get the
internet fixed. He said, 'Daddy, our
motherboard got burned
up.'Now,
I'm still trying to figure that one out.
But the whole internet part of
what we had
fried. I'm talking like
crispy-critter
fried. So
I was like, 'Well,
okay.'But
we'll get one tomorrow.
Thank God we have a backup to the
backup.
We
know
if it's still buffering, we apologize.
But the enemy obviously did not
like what we're doing tonight
because
our internet got fried. But he's a
loser. And that's what happens. A loser.
He's a loser.
He's a big loser.
He has lost. He's been defeated. Father,
we thank You, Lord, for tonight. I don't
know where to go after that because I felt
like I called the altar call.
Oh,
Father, we pray over President Trump
and his decisions and even the ones that
we don't know he's making.
We thank You, Father, for President Trump.
Father, I know You've called him to the
kingdom for such a time as this.
We bless his mind. We
bless his thoughts. We thank You, Lord,
that You anoint his mind in a
supernatural way tonight. I thank You
that he sleeps soundly. Father, I thank
You, Lord, that every single one of us
sleeps soundly. We pray protection
over his kids. We pray protection over
our kids. We thank You, Lord. Father, we
thank You, Lord,
for the grass, for the trees, for all
that
You provided this spring.
We're so grateful, Father, that we're
always in the right place at the right
time. We bless President Trump tonight
and over the FBI, the CIA, Homeland
Security, our local law enforcement,
our sheriff's department. We bless them
in the name of Jesus. We thank You, Lord,
that we have
men and women that are rising up for
such a time as this, and blessing is on
our president tonight and our vice
president. You protect them. You
undergird them. And I thank You, Father,
that Elon Musk again is getting born
again. And I petition You, Father, You
work on his heart right now.
Right now,
Father, even in the middle of the
night—I
don't know where
he's at, but Father, I know
that You can touch him right
where he's at.
Be real to him, Lord.
I thank You, Lord, that You stir inside of
him
and he was once lost, but now he's found.
Oh,
we pray for everybody else that's out
there right now who was once lost but
now they're found.
We give You praise and glory and honor.
And we thank You, Lord, that You're
bringing everything that we've been
believing for to pass at last, and we
lack no good thing.
As we bless
the people's finances
tonight, we thank You, Lord, that tonight
is a night of a turnaround and they are
going to see it. They're going to
say, 'I remember when
we
prayed,'and
that it is a night of a turnaround
in their finances. Do you believe that,
Braden? Yes. You agree with me that
they're going to start to see it and it
will
be tangible.
I see today a significant turnaround in
this
in
Jesus'name.
And everyone say 'Amen and
amen.'Well,
between the two videos I already
went two hours and thirty-six minutes with a
little bit of a break. Was that all
together with our videos, son?
This is one hour and six
minutes
for
this
one. Yeah, and the other one was
one
hour and
sixteen.
So that's not too bad. I kept y'all a
little bit, but we prayed. You
have an
altar call.
The devil's a loser anyway,
huh? Even if he messed up our live
stream the first time.
Father, I thank You, Lord. Let me see.
Pray for him.
Father, we lift up Mike Lindell to You.
We thank You, Lord, for Mike Lindell. We
lift up his heart, his mind, his body,
everything that he
has—his
strength, his finances, everything he's
lost from the persecution. We call back
restoration and restitution over Mike
Lindell, that he will finish this race.
And I thank You, Father, that he will win
governor of Minnesota in the name of
Jesus, that he'll win by a landslide. I
thank You, Lord, that it'll be the biggest
red wave Minnesota has ever seen.
And that Omar—is that
right, Omar?—will find herself back
where she belongs. She's no longer in
America tormenting us. I thank You,
Father, that Omar is finding
a new job.
It's no longer being a representative or a
congresswoman
at all. I thank You, Father,
that Omar is finding a new job in
Jesus'name.
Father, no more corruption in Minnesota,
no more darkness in Minnesota. Father, there
will
be the largest red wave
Minnesota has ever seen.
Do you all agree with me? Do you believe
with me? Minnesota, no more corruption
in Minnesota. We're calling corruption
uncovered in California, Minnesota,
Nevada,
Arizona, Wyoming,
Pennsylvania,
Boston, Massachusetts area,
New York, Florida, over all of it.
We call corruption uncovered in
Jesus'name.
Father, I thank you, Lord,
that
we'll have another strong governor over
the state of Oklahoma, that Oklahoma
will remain red and we will not flip
blue. We all bleed red. We
are a state that is red, red, red. Do you
believe that, Braden? We will stay red. Our
senators will remain red. We will remain
a
God-fearing state. We say in the name
of Jesus, that's what
the Lord showed me
today. He showed me the
migration when I saw all the people
leaving Boston because of this attack
that's about to take place.
I saw
people up and leaving. And He said, "You
see all these people? They're going to be
moving to Texas and
Oklahoma."Pray
they don't change things blue,
because although they vote blue
there,
when they come here, they vote red
because we want to stay a God-fearing
Bible Belt.
Sweet tea and Jesus; that's all we need.
We need sweet tea and Jesus
here in the South. We don't
want your liberal thinking here. If you
want to stay liberal, stay in the blue.
Stay up there; we don't want you here.
But we want sweet tea and Jesus. Leave
us alone.
Thank you, Lord, for it.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that we
keep
our Holy Ghost and fire in our
state. Father, we're so grateful
that
with the few people we have
here—I
think it's like three
or four
million people in
Oklahoma—they
all stay for the glory of God.
Underneath that glory
covering,
Oklahoma will have a revival, Texas
will have a revival, Kansas will turn
around and start having a revival, and so
will
Arkansas and Missouri. It
will spread
throughout the East,
the West,
Canada,
Mexico, and South
America. We're calling for revival in
the name of Jesus.
There
are
4.12 million:
4,120,000.
Brandon
is
a little bad at math. It
was
just because the two
weird.
4.2
million.
That's not very many people here.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, for stirring in us.
Thank you, Lord, that there's Holy Ghost
and fire over this nation,
and Minnesota will have a major revival
in the name of Jesus.
Minnesota will have a major Holy Ghost
and fire revival.
I'm calling Minnesota saved,
born again, with the
fire of God over
it.
We thank you, Lord, that the
red wave
comes from Michigan and Minnesota,
like a red wave of glory.
Come now in Jesus'name, be birthed
into this earth.
We call heaven to invade earth in
Jesus'name.
As
watchers of the prophetic, we
say in the name of Jesus: heaven, it
is
time to invade earth.
Another wave of glory is coming up,
a water springing
forth out of Minneapolis, Minnesota. A
major well of
revival is coming forth in
Jesus'name.
I see
the ground
beginning to break
all over Minnesota,
and there
are
many wells, like there
lakes.
This is a representation of glory:
the lakes, the rivers, the pools of
water.
I hear
that
what is in the
natural is in the spirit. There
are
many lakes,
but there is one that will never run dry.
I see a
river,
a
gold
gusher.
Hallelujah!
It's coming up right. I see a well coming up
out
of
Minneapolis.
The ground is just beginning to
crack, said the Lord.
I
see the water coming up out of the
cracks. He
said
many will come.
It
is
barely on
your shoes; you're
barely in
it. There
will
be nothing you can do to hold
it back,
nothing you can say. There's a great
glory, a revival that's coming today.
It's coming forth
all over Fort Worth. You
watch it;
it's
a
flow.
It's
all over Nigeria.
I see Nigeria
and a great fountain.
The
persecution—the
devil tried
to put it out,
but he can't.
The
Lord
said,
"Yes."Hallelujah!
I
see
the fountains,
Braden,
springing forth in Tennessee,
Alabama,
and
these
fountains are uncapped at a
greater level.
The
well of revival is uncapped in my
neighborhood. We're having revival where
it's uncapped; it's
a bountiful
supply.
It starts with me.
It
goes from Minnesota to Tennessee, from
Tennessee to
Mobile, Alabama,
and
up to Fort
Worth, and then to Oklahoma. There
are
places,
like in Indiana Jones,
where
marks appear on
the map as the revival
springs
forth. What started
off as just a crack in the ground,
a cistern
came
up out of the depth
where it was dry.
Those big thick cracks
started getting water in them and it
started seeping up from
the
depth of the earth.
It
was just barely touching the shoes.
He said,
"You're not big enough to mess it
up."And
the shoes started getting full,
coming
up to
the
shoelaces, the
ankles,
the knees,
the
waist, over
the head, and we're going to be
swimming in this.
He
said
the lakes in Minnesota
are
a
type and shadow.
Father,
we call the well of revival over the Mabee
Center,
over Tulsa,
Victory, Collinsville, and
Branson.
Spring from the well
that never shall run dry.
Fill our cup, Lord.
We lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench
this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed me till I want no more.
Fill our cup.
Fill it up and make me whole.
Fill our cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come
and quench
this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven.
It's beginning to rain in your houses
right now.
I see all you that
are watching. Drink.
The Lord
said, "Oh, I'm going to start in
among
my
people."He
said, "Brandon, expect me to visit the
people that are watching,
for
a refreshing is coming on the
people right now. This will be a place
that they drink from the
well."Your
channel, this place
of prayer that
looks into
me, will be a place where
they come to drink from the well
that never shall run dry.
They're drinking from the cup, Lord;
they lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench
this thirsting of their soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed them till they want no more.
Fill their cup, they lift it up, and make
them whole.
He said this channel—that's what he
said—"Your
channel, son, will
become a place of a river,
and they'll come and drink from the well
from this night forward.
I will impart my spirit through the
airwaves, and if they just lift up the
cup before me, I'll fill it to
overflow."I
saw a
whole visitation.
I see people getting knocked out in the
Holy Ghost in their kitchens.
You're awake in other parts of the
earth; I see that
fire on them in the name of Jesus. Touch
them in their houses.
He said, "Drink from the well
that never shall run dry.
Fill their cup, Lord.
They lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench
this thirsting of their soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed me till I
get
so drunk and, Lord, I can't
even keep my head up.
Drink from the well
that never shall run
dry."Thank
you, Jesus.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I can't keep my head up anymore,
God.
Hallelujah.
Drink from the well
that never shall run dry.
Fill our cup, Lord.
We lift it up, Lord.
Rain.
I feel so hot.
Hallelujah.
All right,
I'm going to try to close
it now.
Drink from the well
that never shall run dry. He said he
wants refreshing over you.
There
are
so many people so
sober.
You got to drink from the well.
He wants to bring a refreshing to you.
He said, "Brandon, you
just needed a little
drink."I
said, "Yeah, that's what I say
inside."Hallelujah.
Why can't you have a good time in
church?
You got to have a good time in
church.
Hallelujah.
My tongue is heavy, so I'm trying.
God bless
y'all.
Hallelujah.
Well, praise the Lord.
I'm glad y'all are—I hope
y'all—I'm
trying to get my thoughts
on
me.
I feel really gone.
Hallelujah.
My goodness.
I haven't been this drunk
in the Lord in a long time.
It's been
since—you
remember, right?
I was plastered on the floor
for about five hours. I couldn't get up
one night;
I was so drunk in the Holy Ghost
I couldn't even move. And he did come
over me.
And people say, "Well, how does that
happen?"I
don't know how it happens,
but you just drink from
that well. I sing that song
and it hits me.
And if you've never
been there before, you don't know what
you're talking about.
Isn't that amazing what that does? How
the Holy Spirit just comes on you like
that, son?
It starts to lift off. You can feel your
head. It makes your whole tongue feel
heavy.
Hallelujah.
Praise the Lord.
Well, he said
that
people
would start to
come here and they'll get a drink
and they'll be able to get through their
week.
He said a fountain.
Hallelujah.
Wow, there
are
so many people that just need a
refreshing.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord.
Well, praise the Lord.
Bless them, Father.
Bless them, Lord.
Make us a blessing, Father, to others.
Thank you, Father, for the glory.
This is just the beginning
of the greatest outpouring
that we've ever seen before.
I want to be right in the middle of the
well.
And I thank you, Lord, that it just
overtakes us.
And Father, I thank you for
what you say to me about this
and the refreshing for the people.
Grant it to be so
in
Jesus'name.
Well, praise the Lord,
Braden.
You can close
it.
It hit me
so hard.
It's coming from the deep.
And there are so many people
that just need a fresh drink.
They're so dry.
And the Lord wants to give you that.
Hallelujah.
It's in the wee hours of the morning.
I
know in Acts chapter 2
they said they thought they were drunk,
but they were just filled with the Holy
Ghost.
Hallelujah.
Praise the Lord.
Finally,
Lord.
I pray
that you got blessed tonight.
I pray you have a great day
or
a wonderful
night.
I don't know what to do with
this. I'm sorry.
I'm just trying to
close it so I can
move on here.
Hallelujah.
I wasn't expecting that to happen on
a
live
stream.
My goodness.
But
we're yielded to what he wants us to do.
We're just yielded. We're vessels.
I'm trying to get my words out to
say
to close
the
broadcast.
Goodbye.
I can't.
Bless y'all.